chore: update blog (#565)
ebpf-io/ebpf.io-website: content/blog-posts/2024-01-31-ebpf-has-opened-many-doors/index.md

---
date: '2024-01-31T12:33:00.000Z'
title: 'eBPF has opened many doors for Linux, will continue to do so for many years'
ogImage: ogimage.webp

> description: 'Itopstimes reports on the recent release of the State of eBPF report by the Linux Foundation'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'ITOps Times reports on the recent release of the State of eBPF report by the eBPF Foundation'
```
